Installation Instructions
*************************

Copyright (C) 1994-1996, 1999-2002, 2004-2013 Free Software Foundation,
Inc.

   Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without warranty of any kind.

Basic Installation
==================

   Briefly, the shell commands `mkdir build; cmake ..; make; make install'
should configure, build, and install this package.  The following
more-detailed instructions are generic; see the `README' file for
instructions specific to this package.  Some packages provide this
`INSTALL' file but do not implement all of the features documented
below.  The lack of an optional feature in a given package is not
necessarily a bug.  More recommendations for GNU packages can be found
in *note Makefile Conventions: (standards)Makefile Conventions.

   The `configure' shell script attempts to guess correct values for
various system-dependent variables used during compilation.  It uses
those values to create a `Makefile' in each directory of the package.
It may also create one or more `.h' files containing system-dependent
definitions.  Finally, it creates a shell script `config.status' that
you can run in the future to recreate the current configuration, and a
file `config.log' containing compiler output (useful mainly for
debugging `configure').

   It can also use an optional file (typically called `config.cache'
and enabled with `--cache-file=config.cache' or simply `-C') that saves
the results of its tests to speed up reconfiguring.  Caching is
disabled by default to prevent problems with accidental use of stale
cache files.

   If you need to do unusual things to compile the package, please try
to figure out how `configure' could check whether to do them, and mail
diffs or instructions to the address given in the `README' so they can
be considered for the next release.  If you are using the cache, and at
some point `config.cache' contains results you don't want to keep, you
may remove or edit it.

   The file `configure.ac' (or `configure.in') is used to create
`configure' by a program called `autoconf'.  You need `configure.ac' if
you want to change it or regenerate `configure' using a newer version
of `autoconf'.

   The simplest way to compile this package is:

  1. `cd /path/to/libkml/sources and create a directory
     to keep build files. eg: '/path/to/libkml/sources/build'
     `mkdir build; cd build`
       
  2. Run cmake from build directory
    `cmake /path/to/libkml/sources' to configure the package for your system.
    
  3. Optionally, set cmake variable BUILD_TESTING=ON to build testing code.
     Later after compiling you can run test suite via launching ctest
   
  4. Type `make' to compile the package.

  5. Type `make install' to install the programs and any data files and
     documentation.  When installing into a prefix owned by root, it is
     recommended that the package be configured and built as a regular
     user, and only the `make install' phase executed with root
     privileges.

Installation Names
==================

By default, `make install' installs the package's commands under
`/usr/local/bin', include files under `/usr/local/include', etc.  You
can specify an installation prefix other than `/usr/local' by changing
cmake variable CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX= 

